Move container-hotplug from wrapper of docker to wrapper of runc (#6)
lowRISC/container-hotplug: README.md

To limit the devices the container can access, a _root device_ is specified.
The container will receive access to any device descending from the root device.
This is particularly useful if the root device is set to a USB hub.
The hub can be specified directly, or it can be specified as "the parent of device X",
e.g., we can giving a container access to all devices connected to the same hub as an Arduino board.

Another concern is providing a container with well known paths for the devices.
On bare-metal systems this would usually be achieved with a `SYMLINK` directive in a udev rule.
This program tries to provide a similar functionality for containers, allowing you to specify symlinks for certain devices.

## Usage

> This tool wraps `runc` command, with the additional hotplug feature. Therefore, it can be used as a drop in replace for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool wraps `runc` with the additional hotplug feature, therefore it can be used as a drop in replace for
```

> many container managers/orchestrators that makes use of runc as runtime. You need to ensure `runc` is available in your `PATH`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
many container managers/orchestrators such as Docker, Podman, and Kubernetes. You need to ensure `runc` is available in your `PATH`
```

so `container-hotplug` can find it.

It supports two annotations, `org.lowrisc.hotplug.device` and `org.lowrisc.hotplug.symlinks`.

For Docker, you can specify an alternative runtime by [changing /etc/docker/daemon.json](https://docs.docker.com/engine/alternative-runtimes/#youki):
```json
{
  "runtimes": {
    "hotplug": {
      "path": "/path/to/container-hotplug/binary"
    }
  }
}
```

> and use it by `--runtime hotplug` and appropriate annotation, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and use it with the `--runtime hotplug` flag and appropriate annotation, e.g.
```

```bash

> sudo docker run --runtime hotplug -it --annotation org.lowrisc.hotplug=parent-of:usb:2b2e:c310 ubuntu:latest

Reviewer 2: I think the documentation might not reflect the code: the code seems to look for `org.lowrisc.hotplug.device` and `org.lowrisc.hotplug.symlink`.

```

For podman, you can specify the path directly, by:
```bash
sudo podman run --runtime /path/to/container-hotplug/binary -it --annotation org.lowrisc.hotplug.device=parent-of:usb:2b2e:c310 ubuntu:latest
```

> For containerd (e.g. when using kubernetes), you can `/etc/containerd/config.toml` to add:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For containerd (e.g. when using kubernetes), you can edit `/etc/containerd/config.toml` to add:
```

```toml
[plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.hotplug]
  runtime_type = "io.containerd.runc.v2"
  pod_annotations = ["org.lowrisc.hotplug.*"]

[plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.hotplug.options]
  SystemdCgroup = true
  BinaryName = "/path/to/container-hotplug/binary"
```
this would allow you to use `hotplug` as handler in k8s, e.g. add a runtime class with
```yaml
apiVersion: node.k8s.io/v1
kind: RuntimeClass
metadata:
  name: hotplug
handler: hotplug
```

> and use it in pod with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and use it in a pod with
```

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: ubuntu
  annotations:

>     org.lowrisc.hotplug.device: usb:0bda:5634

Reviewer 2: here it is `hotplug.device` but above it was `hotplug` with `parent-of:`. Is that normal?
